provide coco labels for different model variants (#2146)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/retinanet-tf/retinanet-tf.md

### Original Model

> 1. Classifier, name: `filtered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack_2/TensorArrayGatherV3`. Contains predicted bounding boxes classes in a range [1, 80]. The model was trained on the Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with [80 categories](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl_bkgr.txt) of objects, 0 class is for background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Classifier, name: `filtered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack_2/TensorArrayGatherV3`. Contains predicted bounding boxes classes in a range [1, 80]. The model was trained on the Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with 80 classes. The mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl_bkgr.txt` file, 0 class is for background.
```

bounding boxes. For each detection, the description has the format:
[`image_id`, `label`, `conf`, `x_min`, `y_min`, `x_max`, `y_max`],
    where:
    - `image_id` - ID of the image in the batch

>     - `label` - predicted class ID in range [1, 80] across following [labels](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl_bkgr.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `label` - predicted class ID in range [1, 80], mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl_bkgr.txt` file
```
